Welcome to ROS Essentials.
I'm here with Thomas and Brandon,
who will be your guides through the next few lessons.
So Brandon, what are these lessons all about?
These lessons are all about the Robot Operating System or ROS for short.
ROS is widely used across the industry and academia for building robotics applications.
After this quick introduction to the basic components of ROS,
you'll have the tools you need to start building awesome robots yourself.
Fantastic. So Thomas, how does the content in
these lessons relate to what students will be doing through the rest of the program?
We'll be using ROS throughout this program as
our software framework to control super cool robots.
In the lessons that come,
you'll take what you've learned here and build on it to create some exciting projects.
Awesome. Well, let's get started then.